planck_pr4-lowres.md, before:

---
title: "Planck PR4 LOWRES"
author: "CMB-S4 Collaboration"
description: "Planck Public Release 4 LOWRES"
date_created: "2023-03-22"
seo:
  type: Dataset
---

[Back to release](./planck_pr4.html#datasets)

# Dataset: Planck PR4 LOWRES

This dataset is publicly available via Globus Transfer or HTTPS. [Click here](https://app.globus.org/file-manager?origin_id=38f01147-f09e-483d-a552-3866669a846d&origin_path=%2Fpublic%2Fplanck%2Fplanck_pr4%2Flowres%2F) to view the files in the Globus web app.

Download the [file manifest](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/manifest.json) for the exact file sizes and checksums.

## Files

- Number of files: 63
- Total size: 155.4 GiB
- [JSON format file manifest](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/manifest.json)

|                                                                                  File Name                                                                                   | Datatype  | Size |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | ---- |
| [`npipe6v20_030_map_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_030_map_ns0016.fits)                                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_030_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_030_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_030_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_030_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_044_map_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_044_map_ns0016.fits)                                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_044_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_044_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_044_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_044_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_070_map_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_070_map_ns0016.fits)                                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_070_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_070_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_070_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_070_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_100_map_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_100_map_ns0016.fits)                                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_100_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_100_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_100_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_100_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_143_map_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_143_map_ns0016.fits)                                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_143_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_143_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_143_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_143_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_217_map_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_217_map_ns0016.fits)                                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_217_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_217_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_217_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_217_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_353_map_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_353_map_ns0016.fits)                                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_353_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_353_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_353_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_353_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_545_map_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_545_map_ns0016.fits)                                 | 22.5 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_545_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_545_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 22.5 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_545_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_545_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 22.5 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_857_map_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_857_map_ns0016.fits)                                 | 22.5 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_857_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_857_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 22.5 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_857_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_857_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 22.5 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_030_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_030_bin.dat)         | 648.0 MiB |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_030_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_030_inv_bin.dat) | 648.0 MiB |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_044_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_044_bin.dat)         | 648.0 MiB |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_044_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_044_inv_bin.dat) | 648.0 MiB |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_070_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_070_bin.dat)         | 648.0 MiB |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_070_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_070_inv_bin.dat) | 648.0 MiB |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_100_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_100_bin.dat)         | 648.0 MiB |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_100_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_100_inv_bin.dat) | 648.0 MiB |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_143_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_143_bin.dat)         | 648.0 MiB |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_143_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_143_inv_bin.dat) | 648.0 MiB |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_217_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_217_bin.dat)         | 648.0 MiB |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_217_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_217_inv_bin.dat) | 648.0 MiB |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_353_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_353_bin.dat)         | 648.0 MiB |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_353_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_353_inv_bin.dat) | 648.0 MiB |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_545_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_545_bin.dat)         | 72.0 MiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_545_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_545_inv_bin.dat) | 72.0 MiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_857_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_857_bin.dat)         | 72.0 MiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_857_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_857_inv_bin.dat) | 72.0 MiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_030_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_030_bin.dat)                           | 10.1 GiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_030_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_030_inv_bin.dat)                   | 10.1 GiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_044_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_044_bin.dat)                           | 10.1 GiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_044_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_044_inv_bin.dat)                   | 10.1 GiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_070_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_070_bin.dat)                           | 10.1 GiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_070_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_070_inv_bin.dat)                   | 10.1 GiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_100_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_100_bin.dat)                           | 10.1 GiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_100_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_100_inv_bin.dat)                   | 10.1 GiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_143_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_143_bin.dat)                           | 10.1 GiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_143_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_143_inv_bin.dat)                   | 10.1 GiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_217_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_217_bin.dat)                           | 10.1 GiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_217_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_217_inv_bin.dat)                   | 10.1 GiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_353_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_353_bin.dat)                           | 10.1 GiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_353_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_353_inv_bin.dat)                   | 10.1 GiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_545_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_545_bin.dat)                           | 1.1 GiB   |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_545_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_545_inv_bin.dat)                   | 1.1 GiB   |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_857_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_857_bin.dat)                           | 1.1 GiB   |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_857_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_857_inv_bin.dat)                   | 1.1 GiB   |      |

Commit message:

Added minimal documentation on all Planck PR4 pages, also added Globus download link
See #12

planck_pr4-lowres.md, after:

---
title: "Planck PR4 LOWRES"
author: "CMB-S4 Collaboration"
description: "Planck Public Release 4 LOWRES"
date_created: "2023-03-22"
seo:
  type: Dataset
---

[Back to release](./planck_pr4.html#datasets)

# Dataset: Planck PR4 LOWRES

Low resolution frequency maps, half-rings and noise matrices.

Access the data through the Globus web interface: [![Download via Globus](images/globus-logo.png)](https://app.globus.org/file-manager?origin_id=38f01147-f09e-483d-a552-3866669a846d&origin_path=%2Fpublic%2Fplanck%2Fplanck_pr4%2Flowres%2F)

Download the [file manifest](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/manifest.json) for the exact file sizes and checksums.

## Files

- Number of files: 63
- Total size: 155.4 GiB
- [JSON format file manifest](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/manifest.json)

|                                                                                  File Name                                                                                   | Datatype  | Size |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | ---- |
| [`npipe6v20_030_map_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_030_map_ns0016.fits)                                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_030_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_030_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_030_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_030_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_044_map_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_044_map_ns0016.fits)                                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_044_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_044_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_044_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_044_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_070_map_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_070_map_ns0016.fits)                                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_070_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_070_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_070_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_070_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_100_map_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_100_map_ns0016.fits)                                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_100_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_100_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_100_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_100_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_143_map_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_143_map_ns0016.fits)                                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_143_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_143_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_143_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_143_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_217_map_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_217_map_ns0016.fits)                                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_217_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_217_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_217_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_217_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_353_map_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_353_map_ns0016.fits)                                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_353_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_353_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_353_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_353_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 45.0 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_545_map_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_545_map_ns0016.fits)                                 | 22.5 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_545_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_545_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 22.5 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_545_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_545_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 22.5 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_857_map_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_857_map_ns0016.fits)                                 | 22.5 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_857_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_857_map_sub1of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 22.5 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_857_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_857_map_sub2of2_ns0016.fits)                 | 22.5 KiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_030_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_030_bin.dat)         | 648.0 MiB |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_030_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_030_inv_bin.dat) | 648.0 MiB |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_044_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_044_bin.dat)         | 648.0 MiB |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_044_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_044_inv_bin.dat) | 648.0 MiB |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_070_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_070_bin.dat)         | 648.0 MiB |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_070_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_070_inv_bin.dat) | 648.0 MiB |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_100_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_100_bin.dat)         | 648.0 MiB |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_100_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_100_inv_bin.dat) | 648.0 MiB |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_143_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_143_bin.dat)         | 648.0 MiB |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_143_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_143_inv_bin.dat) | 648.0 MiB |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_217_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_217_bin.dat)         | 648.0 MiB |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_217_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_217_inv_bin.dat) | 648.0 MiB |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_353_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_353_bin.dat)         | 648.0 MiB |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_353_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_353_inv_bin.dat) | 648.0 MiB |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_545_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_545_bin.dat)         | 72.0 MiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_545_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_545_inv_bin.dat) | 72.0 MiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_857_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_857_bin.dat)         | 72.0 MiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_857_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0016_smoothed_857_inv_bin.dat) | 72.0 MiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_030_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_030_bin.dat)                           | 10.1 GiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_030_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_030_inv_bin.dat)                   | 10.1 GiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_044_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_044_bin.dat)                           | 10.1 GiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_044_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_044_inv_bin.dat)                   | 10.1 GiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_070_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_070_bin.dat)                           | 10.1 GiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_070_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_070_inv_bin.dat)                   | 10.1 GiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_100_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_100_bin.dat)                           | 10.1 GiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_100_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_100_inv_bin.dat)                   | 10.1 GiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_143_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_143_bin.dat)                           | 10.1 GiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_143_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_143_inv_bin.dat)                   | 10.1 GiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_217_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_217_bin.dat)                           | 10.1 GiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_217_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_217_inv_bin.dat)                   | 10.1 GiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_353_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_353_bin.dat)                           | 10.1 GiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_353_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_353_inv_bin.dat)                   | 10.1 GiB  |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_545_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_545_bin.dat)                           | 1.1 GiB   |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_545_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_545_inv_bin.dat)                   | 1.1 GiB   |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_857_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_857_bin.dat)                           | 1.1 GiB   |      |
| [`npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_857_inv_bin.dat`](https://g-456d30.0ed28.75bc.data.globus.org/public/planck/planck_pr4/lowres/npipe6v20_ncm_ns0032_857_inv_bin.dat)                   | 1.1 GiB   |      |
